DOC-1925: Add Skins and Icons examples to examples.adoc index page (#3046)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/index-pages/skins-and-icons-examples.adoc

This table sets out {productname}'s range of pre-made skins and icon packs included in the {productname} documentation.

[cols="1,1"]
|===

a|
[.lead]
xref:bootstrap-demo.adoc[Bootstrap Demo]

> Example form with colors, forms, and buttons matching Bootstrap framework UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example form with colors, forms, and buttons to closely match the default Bootstrap framework UI.
```

a|
[.lead]
xref:borderless-demo.adoc[Borderless Demo]

> Default TinyMCE skin without outer border, ideal for "fullscreen" editing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default TinyMCE skin without an outer border, ideal for "fullscreen" editing.
```
